The Joe Rogan experience.
Do you wanna wing it or do you wanna do the bridge a little bit and then we can
do it? Yeah. So from the,
okay. And we're back ladies and gentlemen. Oh, really? <laugh> yes,
no rehearsal. We're back. All right. Do you wanna rehearse? No.
We were about to, like, you can rehearse who you want. No, I don't know.
What do you, what do you think? So, you know, I think, I think I got it.
We go into your shred Fest and then we have the, you know,
kind of breakdown then. Yeah. I'll just say this.
I didn't mess it up last night. <laugh> I.
I did. I.
I, from, from my guys who decided to back you up, it wasn't me.
Yeah. Oh, I'm not, first of all. You're amazing. Yeah, that was fun.
And it all went, it went how it was supposed to go when,
how it went and that's all it does. Yeah. It always goes how it's goes.
All right. You wanna do this? Yeah.
Ready? John win two nine,
man. How is
by the five side?
But I see them creeping on sneak attack,
trying to smoke me out, trying
and I will fall today.
Fall.
You like mean it? Son
make me believe. I'm the only one.
When you press yourself right up against my back
talk two loud. And two fans.
I fall,
fall stomping,
your boots, making us qua,
making our heads roll everywhere's way on that Creek
feeling of its bang with your bad news,
raining down. Oh.
Oh,
you
ah, don't want to hear you yelling.
Trying to bring me to my knees with that cold
selling. Let you hold my help.
Just outta my,
in my
fall.
Fall.
Yeah.
Woo <laugh>.
All right.
Yeah. You're racking that 12 string. You know,
I feel like I should have gone for the I should I,
I pumped it up on the acoustic, but you crushed it. You know,
I'm here to support <laugh>. I do what I can. That was so good.
I'll do what I can always fun rocking with you. Oh my God. Likewise.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.